[Music]
Delphia is a prolific polish yard with a
wealth of sailboat experience and
they're looking to leverage that
experience on this platform the new
Escape 1150 Voyager by making it more
spacious and more versatile than any
other powerboat of its size the
ingenuity of the space management is
immediately plain to see in the fore and
aft bench with the easily folding
Factory in the sliding doors are open
from both sides in the expandable
seating at the dining station and in the
reversible co-pilot seats that enables
you to join the other diners down below
the fact that all the major living
spaces positions up on the main deck not
to mention the fact we've got an 11th
foot full beam a exhibiting down here
we've got a full beam master cabin an
additional double guest up in the bow
and two full head compartments you can
rig this boat with either a 50
horsepower unit for river use or twin to
two fives for 20 knots and coastal
applications but in either case a
starting price from 169 sails and euros
represents very impressive value for
money for a boat of this scale
[Music]
you